hey guys what's going on it's will and
in this video I want to be showing you
how to farm some human effigies so I
believe this is the most effective way
to farm human effigies there's a couple
other places in the game you can do it
but doing it in majula you definitely
get the most bang for your buck so
you're actually what you're gonna do is
you're gonna use a bonfire aesthetic in
the module a bonfire which might seem
kind of weird but if you guys have been
in the the mansion then you probably
know there's a skeleton in the basement
and he drops a human effigy so basically
what happens when you use a bonfire
aesthetic in the module of bonfire is it
will respawn him but it will also add
another skeleton to the basement and the
effect will stack up to about seven
times I think so by your seventh bonfire
aesthetic you're gonna have eight
skeletons in the basement and they're
all guaranteed to drop in effigy so if
you're ever low or you run out you know
you just come here use a bonfire
aesthetic and don't die and voila you
have a human effigies now the only thing
about this that sucks is you have to
you're fighting fucking eight skeletons
which you know is usually not so bad but
when you're when you're on new game plus
9 it can get pretty fucking tricky so
what I think is a defective strategy
definitely if you're a caster or you
know you like you use miracles or
sorceries or hexes or even if you know
you just you don't use any of that or
and just any kind of ranged attacks are
definitely gonna help because you can
you can basically drag all of them up
here and you can go back into the
hallway that you came from you can just
keep you know casting on them from there
what I did here was I'm not really a
caster too much like I have spells but
I'm mostly just like used pyromancy so I
used flame swath but you can also use
like you know firestorm and stuff but
that's a little more risky but I would
just I would run in there and I would
flame swath them and you know that would
usually kill most of them and then the
rest that would kind of just they would
funnel out I would kind of just like try
to take him out one by one but once you
get up to like five skeletons it gets
pretty difficult to do
with you know the melee strategy so you
definitely definitely need like some
sort of spell otherwise it's gonna take
it really long time and you also run the
risk of getting killed and that happened
to me a few times I I would kill like
about like five or six of them and then
the last one would get me and I would
lose all the effigies and I'd have to do
it again
I'm actually gonna link a couple other
videos to this one because I feel like
this is good to do in conjunction with a
few different things specifically the
pilgrims of dark covenant which is
actually where you can farm bonfire
ascetics it it kind of works out because
you get if you have human effigies you
need them in order to open a dungeons
for the pilgrims of dark covenant and in
those dungeons you can farm bonfire
ascetics so you can use effigies to get
bonfire ascetics and then come back here
and use bonfire aesthetics to get more
effigies so it kind of works out but
yeah so this is basically it guys um
please never find yourself in a
situation like that where you have a
billion skeletons falling so good luck
and if you die at least you have a
fucking shitload of effigies to use to
bring yourself back